[EXC-7876] Exchange mutable data endpoint (#545)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-platform-cli-commands.adoc

`groupID:assetID:version,groupID2:assetID:version` |
|===

=== exchange asset mutableDataUpload

----
> exchange asset mutableDataUpload [properties] <assetIdentifier>
----

> This command modify mutable data (tags, categories, fields and documentation) to an already created asset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command modifies the mutable data (tags, categories, fields and documentation) of an already created asset. 
```

Use the following format for the _assetIdentifier_ argument:

> `([_groupID_]/)_assetID_/_version_`

Reviewer 2: 😂  I had also done it in this way, but we are not using this format (with parenthesis) for optional arguments. Check this

https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager/pull/521#discussion_r668241713

```suggestion
`[_<groupID>_]/_<assetID>_/_<version>_`
```
